README.md, before:

![Miru: Anime at your Fingertips](assets/banner/banner.png)

### Watch all your favorite anime shows and movies in one place.

## Table of Contents

1. [Features](#features)
    1. [Video Player Features](#video-player-features)
1. [Screenshots](#screenshots)
1. [Install](#install)
    1. [iOS](#ios)
    1. [Android](#android)
    1. [Windows](#windows-install)
    1. [Apple Silicon Macs](#apple-silicon-macs)
1. [Build](#build)
    1. [Get an IPA File](#to-get-an-ipa-file)
    1. [Windows Application](#to-get-windows-application)
    1. [Compile for Apple Silicon Macs](#to-compile-for-apple-silicon-macs)
1. [Desktop Support](#desktop-support)
   1. [Windows](#windows-notes)
   1. [macOS](#macos)
   1. [Linux](#linux)
1. [Licensing](#licensing)

## Features

- No Ads, Free
- Works on iOS, Android, and Windows (experimental support)
  - Supports phone, tablet, and desktop form factors
- Search shows and read descriptions
- Automatic Progress Saving
- Episode Downloading
- Keyboard Shortcuts
- Scrapes from [GoGoAnime](https://gogoanime.vc/) (more sources to be added)

### Video Player Features

- Skip Openings & Endings (skip by 1:23) by pressing and holding the Skip Forwards 10s button
- Save current frame
- Next and Last Episode buttons
- Volume and Playback Speed controls (iPad and Desktop only)
- Double tap sides to skip 5 seconds
- Double tap center to pause

## Screenshots

### Recently Updated
| Light | Dark |
| ----- | ---- |
| ![Updated (Light)](assets/screenshots/updated_l.png) | ![Updated (Dark)](assets/screenshots/updated_d.png) |

### Library
| Light | Dark |
| ----- | ---- |
| ![Library (Light)](assets/screenshots/library_l.png) | ![Library (Dark)](assets/screenshots/library_d.png) |

Shows are added here automatically to keep track of what you are watching. They can be removed with a long press.

### Search
| Light | Dark |
| ----- | ---- |
| ![Search (Light)](assets/screenshots/search_l.png) | ![Search (Dark)](assets/screenshots/search_d.png) |

The Globe icon indicates that the show is dubbed.

### Details 
| Light | Dark |
| ----- | ---- |
| ![Details (Light)](assets/screenshots/details_l.png) | ![Details (Dark)](assets/screenshots/details_d.png) |

### Player 
| iPad / Desktop | Phone |
| ------------- | ----- |
| ![Details (Light)](assets/screenshots/player.png) | ![Details (Dark)](assets/screenshots/player_phone.png) |


## Install

Currently, the app supports iOS, Apple Silicon Macs, and Android, but the Android build may be buggy (see `Android Support` below)

### iOS

Currently, the only way to install without jailbreaking it is through AltStore. TestFlight may come at a later date if
there is funding because the Apple Developer Program is expensive

1. Set Up [AltStore](https://altstore.io/)
2. Download the IPA file from Releases
3. Install the file in AltStore

Drawback: You need to refresh the app every seven days

### Android

Download the APK from Releases and open it<br>
Allow app to install APKs if asked

<h3 id="windows-install">Windows</h3>

Download the ZIP file from Releases, extract it, and run miru.exe

### Apple Silicon Macs

Because
of Apple's security and my lack of a paid developer license, please compile the application yourself

## Build

To build for iOS or Apple Silicon Macs, you need to have macOS and Xcode set up. To build for Android, you need
the [Android SDK](https://developer.android.com/studio) set up. To build for Windows, you must have [Visual Studios](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) (not VS Code)
installed and set up.

1. Install [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install) and git
    - Use `flutter doctor -v` to make sure everything works
2. Clone this repository and enter the directory - `git clone && cd`
3. Get Dependencies with `flutter pub get`
4. Build or Run (use `--release` if necessary)
    - iOS: `flutter build ipa`
    - Android: `flutter build apk`
        - APK File: `build/app/outputs/flutter-apk/app-debug.apk` or `app-release.apk`
   - Windows: `flutter build windows`
   - Run with `flutter run`

### To get an IPA file:

5. Copy `Runner.app` from `build/ios/archive/Runner.xcarchive/Products/Applications` to a folder named `Payload`
6. Compress the Payload folder and change the extension to `.ipa`

### To get Windows application:

5. Go to `build\windows\runner\Release` or `build\windows\runner\Debug`
6. You can copy this folder anywhere

To see packaging options, look at [Flutter's documentation](https://flutter.dev/desktop#windows)

### To compile for Apple Silicon Macs:

5. Open `ios/Runner.xcodeproj` in Xcode
6. Set the scheme to `Runner > My Mac (Designed for iPad)`
7. Press Run
8. When the app opens, ⌘-click the app in the dock to get the Miru.app file
9. Copy Miru.app to /Applications/

## Desktop Support
<h3 id="windows-notes">Windows</h3>
This application supports Windows. However, Flutter's own Windows support is still in beta, so expect bugs!

### macOS
Currently, finding a video player that supports macOS is the biggest challenge, so it remains unsupported.
However, if you have an Apple Sillicon Mac, you can compile the iOS version for your mac [here](#to-compile-for-apple-silicon-macs).

### Linux
Adding Linux support does not seem too difficult since almost all of the dependencies seem to support it,
but I do not have a testing environment set up for it, so this will have to wait.

## Licensing
### Miru is licensed under the terms of the GNU GPLv3 license.
    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Update README.md on current issues

README.md, after:

![Miru: Anime at your Fingertips](assets/banner/banner.png)

### Watch all your favorite anime shows and movies in one place.

## NOTE: Current Roadblocks & Issues

Miru is currently "out of order" due to the lack of streaming sources available. If you have any ideas for where Miru might be able to stream content from, any help would be appreciated!

## Table of Contents

1. [Features](#features)
    1. [Video Player Features](#video-player-features)
1. [Screenshots](#screenshots)
1. [Install](#install)
    1. [iOS](#ios)
    1. [Android](#android)
    1. [Windows](#windows-install)
    1. [Apple Silicon Macs](#apple-silicon-macs)
1. [Build](#build)
    1. [Get an IPA File](#to-get-an-ipa-file)
    1. [Windows Application](#to-get-windows-application)
    1. [Compile for Apple Silicon Macs](#to-compile-for-apple-silicon-macs)
1. [Desktop Support](#desktop-support)
   1. [Windows](#windows-notes)
   1. [macOS](#macos)
   1. [Linux](#linux)
1. [Licensing](#licensing)

## Features

- Works on iOS, Android, and Windows (experimental support)
  - Supports phone, tablet, and desktop form factors
- Search shows and read descriptions
- Automatic Progress Saving
- Episode Downloading
- Keyboard Shortcuts

### Video Player Features

- Skip Openings & Endings (skip by 1:23) by pressing and holding the Skip Forwards 10s button
- Save current frame
- Next and Last Episode buttons
- Volume and Playback Speed controls (iPad and Desktop only)
- Double tap sides to skip 5 seconds
- Double tap center to pause

## Screenshots

### Recently Updated
| Light | Dark |
| ----- | ---- |
| ![Updated (Light)](assets/screenshots/updated_l.png) | ![Updated (Dark)](assets/screenshots/updated_d.png) |

### Library
| Light | Dark |
| ----- | ---- |
| ![Library (Light)](assets/screenshots/library_l.png) | ![Library (Dark)](assets/screenshots/library_d.png) |

Shows are added here automatically to keep track of what you are watching. They can be removed with a long press.

### Search
| Light | Dark |
| ----- | ---- |
| ![Search (Light)](assets/screenshots/search_l.png) | ![Search (Dark)](assets/screenshots/search_d.png) |

The Globe icon indicates that the show is dubbed.

### Details 
| Light | Dark |
| ----- | ---- |
| ![Details (Light)](assets/screenshots/details_l.png) | ![Details (Dark)](assets/screenshots/details_d.png) |

### Player 
| iPad / Desktop | Phone |
| ------------- | ----- |
| ![Details (Light)](assets/screenshots/player.png) | ![Details (Dark)](assets/screenshots/player_phone.png) |


## Install

Currently, the app supports iOS, Apple Silicon Macs, and Android, but the Android build may be buggy (see `Android Support` below)

### iOS

Currently, the only way to install without jailbreaking it is through AltStore. TestFlight may come at a later date if
there is funding because the Apple Developer Program is expensive

1. Set Up [AltStore](https://altstore.io/)
2. Download the IPA file from Releases
3. Install the file in AltStore

Drawback: You need to refresh the app every seven days

### Android

Download the APK from Releases and open it<br>
Allow app to install APKs if asked

<h3 id="windows-install">Windows</h3>

Download the ZIP file from Releases, extract it, and run miru.exe

### Apple Silicon Macs

Because
of Apple's security and my lack of a paid developer license, please compile the application yourself

## Build

To build for iOS or Apple Silicon Macs, you need to have macOS and Xcode set up. To build for Android, you need
the [Android SDK](https://developer.android.com/studio) set up. To build for Windows, you must have [Visual Studios](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) (not VS Code)
installed and set up.

1. Install [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install) and git
    - Use `flutter doctor -v` to make sure everything works
2. Clone this repository and enter the directory - `git clone && cd`
3. Get Dependencies with `flutter pub get`
4. Build or Run (use `--release` if necessary)
    - iOS: `flutter build ipa`
    - Android: `flutter build apk`
        - APK File: `build/app/outputs/flutter-apk/app-debug.apk` or `app-release.apk`
   - Windows: `flutter build windows`
   - Run with `flutter run`

### To get an IPA file:

5. Copy `Runner.app` from `build/ios/archive/Runner.xcarchive/Products/Applications` to a folder named `Payload`
6. Compress the Payload folder and change the extension to `.ipa`

### To get Windows application:

5. Go to `build\windows\runner\Release` or `build\windows\runner\Debug`
6. You can copy this folder anywhere

To see packaging options, look at [Flutter's documentation](https://flutter.dev/desktop#windows)

### To compile for Apple Silicon Macs:

5. Open `ios/Runner.xcodeproj` in Xcode
6. Set the scheme to `Runner > My Mac (Designed for iPad)`
7. Press Run
8. When the app opens, ⌘-click the app in the dock to get the Miru.app file
9. Copy Miru.app to /Applications/

## Desktop Support
<h3 id="windows-notes">Windows</h3>
This application supports Windows. However, Flutter's own Windows support is still in beta, so expect bugs!

### macOS
Currently, finding a video player that supports macOS is the biggest challenge, so it remains unsupported.
However, if you have an Apple Sillicon Mac, you can compile the iOS version for your mac [here](#to-compile-for-apple-silicon-macs).

### Linux
Adding Linux support does not seem too difficult since almost all of the dependencies seem to support it,
but I do not have a testing environment set up for it, so this will have to wait.

## Licensing
### Miru is licensed under the terms of the GNU GPLv3 license.
    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
